# 2023-2024 Group 

The fields of robotics and autonomous vehicles are rapidly growing and becoming parts of our everyday lives. To explore this rising technology, our senior project is to design a car and program a NAO robot to autonomously navigate Armstrong Hall while steering and controlling the car. It will combine some mechanical engineering design work, microcontroller programming in C and Python, and NAO robot programming in Choregraphe and Python to accomplish this goal. We will also be including some electrical engineering elements through the breadboard circuit and sensor connections. This is a project that existed many years ago at the College back in 2015-2016, and we are hoping to revive it and improve the existing system’s handling and lower its weight. These various elements are what has made up the core experiences of our Computer Engineering curriculum here at TCNJ so we felt it made for a compelling culminating design exercise. At this point, the car is able to successfully navigate the hallways near ARM123 and avoid obstacles, and detect room numbers. We are hoping for future groups to expand the set of rooms, as well as improve the collision detection of the robot and its response to obstacles.

Website: https://engprojects.tcnj.edu/senior-project-nao-car/

## Joe Woods
Joe is a senior computer engineering student at The College of New Jersey with interests in machine learning, mobile systems, and computer vision. Post-graduation, Joe plans on attending Drexel for his PhD in Electrical Engineering with a focus on machine learning. On the team, he is the microcontroller lead, neural network lead, and budget manager. He will be creating the firmware interface for the microcontroller, training the navigation network, and deploying to the microncontroller. Additionally, he’ll track the team’s spending, hours worked, and progress towards milestones.

## Dirk Catpo Risco
Dirk is a senior computer engineering student at The College of New Jersey interested in software development, robotics, and machine learning. After graduation, he will pursue a Master of Science in Electrical and Computer Engineering at Rutgers University, specializing in machine learning. On the team, he leads the development of the driving algorithm and the integration of the NAO robot. His primary goal is to make the car drive autonomously, utilizing sensor data to stay aligned with the walls and avoid obstacles. His other goal is to program the NAO robot to start and stop the car and to recognize and identify various room numbers during navigation.

## Samantha Potomic 
Sam is a senior computer engineering student at The College of New Jersey with an interest in robotics. Post-graduation she hopes to work as a researcher in a lab performing research and development on robotics. On the team, she is the hardware lead and webmaster. She will be in charge of vehicle design and construction as well as NAO robot configuration for steering. Additionally she will design and develop the layout of the website and manage content.
